[TRTLLMINF-127][infra] Upgrade dependencies for NGC PyTorch 26.05 stack (#15087)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/installation/installation-guide.md

pip3 install --ignore-installed pip setuptools wheel && pip3 install tensorrt_llm
```

> > **Note:** The TensorRT LLM wheel on PyPI is built with PyTorch 2.10.0. This version may be incompatible with the NVIDIA NGC PyTorch container, which uses a more recent PyTorch build. If you are using the NGC PyTorch container, install the wheel built specifically for that container using the `+ngcpytorch{YYMM}` local version suffix, where `YYMM` is derived from the container tag (e.g., `pytorch:26.02` → `ngcpytorch2602`):

Reviewer: It looks like an incomplete removal.

pip3 install --ignore-installed pip setuptools wheel && pip3 install tensorrt_llm
```

> > **Note:** The TensorRT LLM wheel on PyPI is built with a public torch python package. This version may be incompatible with the NVIDIA NGC PyTorch container, which uses a different PyTorch build. If you are using the NGC PyTorch container, install the wheel built specifically for that container using the `+ngcpytorch{YYMM}` local version suffix, where `YYMM` is derived from the container tag (e.g., `pytorch:26.02` → `ngcpytorch2602`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The TensorRT LLM wheel on PyPI is built with the [public PyTorch package](https://pypi.org/project/torch/). This version may be incompatible with the NVIDIA NGC PyTorch container, which uses a different PyTorch build. If you are using the NGC PyTorch container, install the wheel built specifically for that container using the `+ngcpytorch{YYMM}` local version suffix, where `YYMM` is derived from the container tag (e.g., `pytorch:26.02` → `ngcpytorch2602`):
```
